and lifting weights added his first gold medal in the games
Pan-American also and did Cristian Escalante the category of more
of 105 kilos also surpassing of the record the Pan-American existing until
the date it was literally pulverized was in the power of that insane before
American that today has achieved the previous ere Pan-American game
added jerk and start had 382 kilos 400 points added in both in
both to specialties did the Chilean let's see the noté of the exciting
what happened and day with controversy included
almost the ghost of yesterday is repeated
the American that the sip burguener raised textile or more the Chilean
Cristián Escalante
and he kept the gold
the contained joy of the American was immediately confused by the
Claims of the national technical body
They want to see the judges why there was not an infringement
when asking outside regulation that they had the weight in their last attempt
in envion and thus exceed the 221 kilos that had already raised on their
phrases extended in chillán
It would have been a huge justice
Escalante always took the advantage
the first part of the test had won him with a new Pan-American record
lift in boot to say of a single impulse 180 kilos
it's more the North American
that's why the emotion contained
that's why the words that did not go out to repeat humble Chilean gladiator
I'm not naive talent
so I have to work twice as hard
target was obvious incredible talent that did not take advantage of it and I have to
make me
I have to see my own love
again the flag the top and the national anthem that was heard for the fourth time
in the
because chile is doing
to one of his best performances in Pan American history
in the church of santo domingo
the triumph of real madrid in the sardine
but it is also undeniable
square
to my lady
Alberto Mortera
is behind and for safety
what happened two years ago
the memory
is for his Cuban technician Francisco Casamayor who made him appear in the
international plane
and that a while ago he lost the fight against cancer
escalante sar that from afar your friend
helped me lift those 221